[Applause]
welcome thank you for coming I know you
have the big premiere right across the
street from us here just after the show
will you wait for the signal or do you
Avengers just walk right across the
street just ate Assad hands if you do
just the hands you carry the hammer with
you I'll throw it it won't come back
[Laughter]
what was the last time you used an
actual hammer for a home repair etc huh
oh wow
I hung a picture at home it didn't it
didn't stay up not the house top Robert
would you consider yourself to be the
leader of this group if you say so a
team okay all right all right who is the
social director for the group who's in
charge of me of fun after-hours kind of
thing Evans is in charge of brunch no no
I'm a charger I'm in charge of Brian oh
you are and then Pluto Lord of the
underworld over there it takes
definitely up for just about anything
why did you refer to Jeremy as Lord of
the underworld because Pluto runs the
underworld I say that's what it's like a
lot with him I see and who who goes out
with him like does everybody go or do
you guys are there people that are more
inclined to go out than others well you
never know you know you got to kind of
test the waters sometimes people have
responsibilities everyone has kids and
you know everyone you know for the most
part doesn't work and working too tricky
have the kids come into the cloud we got
that in drop lower the kids cutting into
the fun no I'm doing it these kids I
meant your own kids oh my god mark mind
working a lot I guess that's a lot my
daughter I told my daughter the other
day that after she told me you've been
away too long I told her okay I'm gonna
take some time off and she said no are
we gonna eat
[Laughter]
yeah